In the last lectures we both a lot of feature modules and a shared Marchal thus far.
We did that to restructure our code to make our modules leaner and to ensure that you can quickly see
which elements each of your app feature uses.
However it was only a cosmetic change kind of.
It is a best practice to restructure your project as it grows bigger so that it stays maintainable but
it doesn't improve your app performance or anything like that.
Now we will have a look at something which can improve your performance.
We will have a look at lazy loading What does lazy loading mean.
Well we have a route router which might have some child routes but basically we have our routes router
where we register routes with for route we all zone might have a feature module with its own router
the child router with 4 child now does more shall your might not be loaded at all times.
Maybe the user never Wizards.
Our shopping lists section or the recipe section or in a bigger app maybe the admin section or anything
like that.
Still our overall schollers panel which contains our whole app is download at the beginning when the
user wizard the page that means a lot of the code might never be used because if the user never visits
the recipe section all the code related to that including all the templates and everything will never
be used.
So we downloaded too much code at the beginning.
That is where lazy loading comes into play.
We can lazy load our feature module and its child router.
That means that this module is only loaded if we actually wisit a route leading to his module.
Now let's take a closer look in the next sections by implementing lazy loading into our app